Add info about Istio upgrade version checking (#131)
kyma-project/istio: docs/technical-design.md

![Istio Installation Reconciliation](./istio-installation-reconciliation.svg)

### Istio upgrade version checking

> Istio upgrade allows updates of only one minor version (1.2.3 -> 1.3.0), reconciliation will fail if minor version difference is higher than 1 (1.2.3 -> 1.4.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upgrade Istio only by one minor version (1.2.3 -> 1.3.0). Reconciliation fails if the difference between current and target minor versions is greater than one (1.2.3 -> 1.4.0).
```

> Upgrade of one major version will fail (1.2.3 -> 2.0.0), as well as any kind of downgrade (1.2.3 -> 1.2.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading a major version fails (1.2.3 -> 2.0.0), as well as any downgrade (1.2.3 -> 1.2.2).
```
